calcolo distribuzione nazionale
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
calcolo distribuzioni locali
correggo distribuzioni locali
[('FORZA ITALIA', 216), ('DEMOCRATICI SINISTRA', 120), ('LA MARGHERITA', 99), ('ALLEANZA NAZIONALE', 97), ('LEGA NORD', 22), ('CCD-CDU', 18), ('COMUNISTI ITALIANI', 17), ('RIFONDAZIONE COMUNISTA', 17), ('SVP', 7), ('IL GIRASOLE', 7), ('NUOVO PSI', 5), ('REPUBBLICANI EUROPEI', 3), ("PS D'AZ-SARD.NATZ.", 1), ("VALLEE D'AOSTE", 1)]
